Update language/localization docs (#6185)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/extending/language-files/net-localization.md

#### User localization files

> If you want to override Umbraco Core .NET localization, create new files in this location and format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to override Umbraco Core .NET localization, create new files in the following location and format:
```
